#### 原文链接：
“MapReduce: Simplified Data Processing on Large Clusters”, Jeffrey Dean and Sanjay Ghemawat,
OSDI 2004, http://labs.google.com/papers/mapreduce-osdi04.pdf

###Refine
#### combine function
Typically the combine function is the same as Reduce.

Difference is that the output of a reduce function is written to the final output file. While output of combiner is written to an intermediate file that will be sent to a reduce task.

#### input / output types
Users can add support for a new input type by providing an implementation of a simple reader interface, though most users just use one of a small number of predefined input types.

In a similar fashion, we support a set of output types
for producing data in different formats and it is easy for
user code to add support for new output types.

#### side effects
atomic and itempotent.

do not provide support for atomic two-phase commits of multiple output files produced by a single task.

tasks that produce multiple output files with
cross-file consistency requirements should be deterministic. 

#####In computer science, a deterministic algorithm is an algorithm which, given a particular input, will always produce the same output, with the underlying machine always passing through the same sequence of states.

##### 2 phase commits protocol consists of two phases:

1. The commit-request phase (or voting phase), in which a coordinator process attempts to prepare all the transaction's participating processes (named participants, cohorts, or workers) to take the necessary steps for either committing or aborting the transaction and to vote, either "Yes": commit (if the transaction participant's local portion execution has ended properly), or "No": abort (if a problem has been detected with the local portion), and

2. The commit phase, in which, based on voting of the participants, the coordinator decides whether to commit (only if all have voted "Yes") or abort the transaction (otherwise), and notifies the result to all the participants. The participants then follow with the needed actions (commit or abort) with their local transactional resources (also called recoverable resources; e.g., database data) and their respective portions in the transaction's other output (if applicable).

#### skipping bad records
fix bugs is not possible. e.g. it is from 3rd party.

analyze a large data set with only a small part of data meet deterministic error.

Users can detect which part always meet failure by seeing the signal from handler in UDP. Then users realize it should be skipped.

#### local execution
They designed an implemention for users to sequentially execute all the works on local machine. Users can control the size of map tasks.

#### status information
e.g. how many tasks have been completed, how many are in progress, bytes of input, bytes of intermediate data, bytes of output, processing rates, links to the standard error and standard output files generated by each task, etc. 


the top-level status page shows which workers have failed, and which map and reduce tasks they were processing when they failed. 

#### counters
for checking the behavior of MapReduce operations. e.g. users want to check the input key/value pairs is equivalent to that of output.

### Performance